and personal and only the mood that
appeared and rafael gonçalves josé
gonçalves
we are here inside the offline safe that
today they said it did not give that
Do not give as entrance into the glass is
no video talking that gave
get inside the glass
offline but we're here with a bug
that you can enter into the offline safe
so let's start here it's essential are
directly to mine wells
general
let's treat it like it does a little
the first will call a taxi that comes
nothing more
in the wagon at best
Let's go at the destination which is the bread with a
single bank is planting or have not
I hereby leave the cinema here
people go there he
For you to enter the block you do the
normal as far as yes you can not
need to do nothing at the beginning to 0 for
front door comes here from the corner that
enter here on is not on the stair part
Do you know that stepladder?
in note the door will worry there
underneath the class is that he has nobody
It's time for this, just come in soon.
here and here you will not be able to
enter because the door is locked
you switch from characters by tapping
hd
the reason for the gymkhana who can and does come back
to the character who was in there
from the bank
me and rafael
We just tested the monkey meeting.
but if this can test for franc
darkness
because there are people who do not like
ready in there
so the child who does not have a way out
because it's obviously going to be locked
still and as I said do not laine here
he knows he has to have a bug crash
absurd but he does not need it is not
sure that in the new source this
cute little staircase and here's the glass
I advise beginning that it is much easier
to open the safe took no direct in
native stage in the corner of the wall
God
it went well this line goes a lot of milk
in powder
and the angry botafogo
now I had this business coin
haia our river as you are even
close he knows but the door that goes the most
close anyway you open the door
but you 're going to need to do what I did
not because I was angry with anger
left open 6 a missile shot right in the
corner of the door that the good here in the
corner that the Father because of the explosion
door open quite a bit and here at the door and
will have everything is that this example will
have fun a bit so I found brb and good
too much
This is the next one to enjoy in faith.
do not like it in the video if they like it or
do not like
I will use words if they do not like
leg and anti-jewelry sign up for
channel and until the next